hey everybody welcome back and online
place binding of issac answereth plus
where we escaped by the skin of our
teeth last time never understood that
expression it's probably something you
can just look up right give me a second
here k k p ZL k RQ decent HP for having
spirit arts only tears are okay damage
is okay speed is okay this is like a
decent start and the beam is at least
useful skin of your teeth let's see see
the origins this idiom the meaning and
origins of this phrase the phrase first
appears in English in the Geneva Bible
1560 in Jo 1920 which provides a literal
translation of the original Hebrew I how
escaped with the skin of meth heads
alrighty well I think that answers any
conceivable questions that we could have
had let's move along here oh don't make
me want to do it ah get jerks it jerks
so the cute play there which is idiotic
and I should not do it is to pick up
curse of the tower walk into the fire
and then I hope that the bombs don't
explode on me and instead explode on the
blue fires and give me as many spirit
hearts as possible if you do that
honestly more power to you you are you
are God's chosen children but that is an
easy otic play for which I cannot abide
either way feeling good about today's
run here I'm going to say today's daily
but obviously it's not what today's run
is well it's not what this run is at
least we have already done a daily today
and it went very well
so you know what I find myself looking
at this and being like I'm in a good
situation our last run was quite scary
but only temporarily once we got through
the fear of that last run and managed to
get through or get to a place of
relatives not just safety but like we
were killing it it became a lot easier I
think we should just blow it I thought I
was like we're getting spirit arts back
maybe we should just walk
go over the spikes but then what are we
going to use our bomb for you know blow
that guy get a little money find a
secret room or something like that
it's basically who cares so instead
we're just going to be thrilled that we
have super bandage an item that doesn't
necessarily amp up our offense but gives
us a red heart and that red heart
hopefully can be used to amplify our
offense a little bit later in the game
we find our first deal with the devil if
we don't find a deal with the devil on
the next floor something has gone
terribly horribly wrong tears please yes
and actually like we hit the the mother
lode now that's an expression I'm not
going to look up the meaning to but we
hit the mother lode on the on the health
roll there we got a lot of health that's
actually useful for so one of these
should be a library or at least yeah a
room of some specialists guy Emperor we
got fooled and we got algae's so what
we're going to do is actually basically
make a quality-of-life play here I like
when these happen because it gives me
the ability to kind of like guilt-free
start to steamroll a little bit so we're
gonna take the emperor card hopefully
there's like a boss trap room pretty
close here there is this is getting a
little too convenient starting to freak
me out we're going to open it up we're
going to take that it's the ability to
fly then we're going to bounce out and
we're going to fight the same boss that
we were just about to fight anyway and
hopefully get this blogging guaranteed
you get this deal with the devil and
hopefully pick up something that gives
us better damage ASAP I mean you
definitely want this and then you
probably want that does that give you
any spirits no we know we have HP
waiting for us on the outside the
question is more whether or not we
actually want to well we're going to get
HP anyway I thought that was going to
take our eternal heart but it didn't so
what i'm doing here is is quite dicey
but ended up being very much worth it we
will still fly if we get placenta
because we have faith which is why fate
is actually fine here empty vessel is
also like the invincibility from empty
vessel is the big thing to be honest
with you but i'm happy with everything
we got here we also got two demon hearts
out of picking up empty vessel mine
you we effectively paid three spirit I
was painting one red heart but you know
the equivalent of three spirit I was to
pick it up in the first place so we
didn't actually really improve our
damage but we did get piercing shots
which I think are useful one of the
Layton not that it's like deserving of
incredible amounts of celebration or
anything like that but I'm really glad
they added another avenue to get
piercing shots because it's one of my
favorite upgrades in the game upgrade
archetypes in the game at least and
there weren't that many ways to get it
you know as long as we're ignoring
things like mom's knife and brimstone
you know you basically had Sagittarius
and Polyphemus a little bit and then
Cupid's arrow and that was it like those
were your waves to get piercing shots so
you can get shoopdawhoop but that's not
really what I mean you can give them
some mom's knife that's not really what
I mean so to have a slightly more likely
way to get a piercing shots even though
it cost two red hearts I think is
totally worth it and we should keep the
the demon's tale I think it's working
wonders for us right now so the last
thing I mean we haven't been to our item
room this floor so we're going to do but
the last thing we need to make this run
really pop is is still just damaged so
even our rate of fire is great now if we
can just get like a literal damage
upgrade I'd be a happy camper the zodiac
is an item that me I don't know if there
is like a competitive metaphor Isaac
there definitely you know there's racing
in the game which I'm completely
ignorant of the meta of that but zodiac
is an item that to the best of my
knowledge is not really taken because it
gives you the potential to get stompy
which gives you the potential to hurt
yourself which is just you know bad all
around I take it though because first
off sucks - you're a smart and secondly
I got nothing to lose on this run anyway
we did get stompy so we shouldn't be
crushing mushrooms I was doing that
mostly just to see if we had it but yeah
Leo is I guess one of the one of the
lesser draws that you can get from that
you really want to pick up like Scorpios
pretty good Pisces is okay I guess
situations Virgo or you know once you
get down to like the wound the cancer
item will be great as well power pill
that was that always what power pill
sounds like or is it just power feel
probably just speeds up like the next
spot of music right so where there's
like the Dolby or not Dolby what is it
thx sound from like the they don't do
that at the movies anymore but you know
in like 1998 you go see a movie in
theaters and the thx sound comes off mmm
just to let you know how good the sound
system is now whenever I go to the
movies if I'm seeing something that's
like new you know it's special effects
heavy they do the thing we're like oh we
got to take these pentagram love the
damage packed love the damage thank you
they do the thing where like if it has
Dolby Atmos like this is like the sound
of popcorn popping and it goes like all
around binaural sound like the back of
your head and then out both ears and
then you had well it's pretty good I
can't wait to see you know this the
remaster of Schindler's List they little
sound like all the dialogues coming from
all around me they also have that on
like every season of Game of Thrones on
the on disc copies does that and like
man our TV you got our TV for like 200
bucks in a sale when I store went out of
business I don't know if we're really
taking advantage of the dolby atmos
right now we have not a sound system
sort of guy I'm not an audiophile I
guess is what I mean to say and I I
respect people who are like you know who
is to some extent is I mean you by the
way you're saying I know you're not an
audiophile if you heard your mic cliping
but yeah to be sick I can't disagree
with that um
mouth is kind of an audiophile he's a
detail-oriented guy he likes he likes to
get things right and I respect that to
be honest with you despite not really
being that kind of person myself but
like I
music when I do it's on like a cheap
pair of earbuds and then like one of the
ears has like a short in it so I have to
pull on the cord to get it to sound
right it's not the ideal way to listen
to anything much less you know
contraband the best of men at work but
I've been doing it for years I'm just
sort of like I'm used to it at this
point I live a you know I try to have a
laconic lifestyle I guess as Spartan as
possible for things like that really
like if I want something nice I just
wait for like a special occasion and
then my wife will get it for me and then
that saves me the the hassle you know
like shoes like I'll wear one pair of
shoes until there I see other youtubers
they're like check out my ease ease and
I'm like damn dude it's like a seminar
NLR shoes that's absurd
I'm wearing these like $50 new balances
once a year on my birthday new pair of
new balances that's my I'm not saying
I'm Steve Jobs I'm saying it's the way I
choose to live my lifestyle here that
wasn't a shot at dangling as well
dang jeez Ling's got that big brother
CBS money if he wants to buy a pair of
Yeezys then by all means how's this run
popping off caves two at eight and a
half minutes should basically tell you
everything you need to know about this
run and our deals of the devil just keep
getting better and better technically we
did not get a deal with the devil on our
last floor which is absurd because that
means we have a great chance to get one
on this floor and we did get one the
last floor via teleportation and it was
amazing so we're still I mean I wouldn't
because it wouldn't complain or deign to
complain about this run whatsoever deign
to complain of course is my punk album
but it's a it's a still slightly light
on the literal capital D damage I say
say capital D damage to distinguish it
capital D distinguish it from our DPS
which is very good because we have
piercing shots and the great rate of
fire six damage is just a little light
bad it's a little lighter than we does
we'd ideally be eight I mean of course
we'd ideally be at infinity as long as
it didn't cause the game to crash but
wouldn't mind popping up just a little
bit more
tella pills I mean at least until it
builds us to a good place and Gertie is
a pretty good test you know we can see
how our damage is stacking up at this
point and the answer is like a little
and Gurney's a tanky boss but it's a
little slow here but that's okay we
should have a good chance of to deal
with the devil hopefully we get HP we
can turn that deal with the devil and
you know working for us pretty easily
and actually you know if we get Krampus
that would be fine as well I could take
a lump of coal or Krampus is head
this runs still got a lot of room for
improvement despite being very good so
binky is lowers our tear cap and gives
us like a spear at heart and then guppy
items no guppy items so a bit of a whiff
on the deal with the devil but binky is
okay it's better if we can actually find
a way to improve our our rate of fire
more because I think it's a tear cap
improvement but we're getting to the
point where like we don't have to talk
about this run anymore because it has
everything it's not the cup is not
running over in any particular direction
but you know we've got great HP we've
got great utility items basically the
ability to fly
we are consumables are doing fine you
know everything about this is completely
set and our dps is is actually above the
average by like a great degree when you
when you factor in the piercing shots so
certainly I would I would say that we're
lucky to be in this situation right now
mom's contacts mom transformation means
nothing but the mom's contacts pickup is
quite good if nothing else that at least
means I was gonna say and I was actually
wrong about this I was gonna say it
means that we can go over there and you
know fart on an enemy when they're
frozen but because of the way that is
our COO
because of the way that status effects
work we actually can't have two applied
simultaneously which I still think is a
little silly it's not like status
effects for the most part are
overpowered at all but you know I I also
didn't work on QA on the game so it's
possible it throws the whole thing out
of whack
not really rushing but to be straight up
with you finding it hard to to slow down
here as a result of the speed with which
we're able to kill enemies so we're
going to do everything we'll probably
hazard a crack and boss rush here as my
guest I'm totally cool at face reward
which at this point is basically just
like a familiar that will shoot freezing
tears on occasion so I'm definitely not
against that although it's not the idea
light amount of a golden chest we did
pretty well in that room regardless this
floor not as likely to give us a deal
with the devil but we have gotten Steam
sale so I will take either agreed fight
that give us a Steam sale again or super
greed I guess or you could hook me up
with like a restock then this run starts
to become like a hush territory for
certain and I mean car battery
we definitely there's no need for us to
take sharp plug just so we can get you
know incredibly expensive double uses
out of the beam but we will take car
battery with the beam I don't know if it
works look as far as I'm concerned a
fart so far if you're in my company and
you rip a little one that's audible and
you rip a big one that's you know it
sounds like we're in Carnegie Hall
they're both equally uncool to me
shouldn't I'm not against you know human
bodily functions here but some things I
think are better left private we had
this conversation on the LSS because
Austin and Rob were of the opinion that
you know to burp in someone else's
company is not rude and I'm very much I
disagree with that although I do
understand where they're coming from
namely that they're you know still
living that bachelor lifestyle but well
I just live in a house in college with
I'm going to play
by the way this isn't a mistake they may
be a mistake but is not unintentional at
least I used to live in a house in
college with six dudes and one girl who
you know fancied yourself being one of
the boys cracking a cold one if you know
what I mean see today's hottest memes so
you know I've been around burps I've
been around farts it's not like somebody
burps around me and I go oh my god how
dare you you know that's I'm not an
unsullied like grey worm that's what I'm
trying to say I'm sullied however I'm
sullied like Tom Hanks who could totally
kick the crap out of grey worm if you
wanted but excuse me sir I don't like
the way our shots look now like it feels
like it's harder to hit them because of
the mini much pickup but I do like
having this level of speed I just find
the concept of a burp is gross like
you're summoning a smell from the depths
of your of your of your belly then I
don't want to smell is it ivy farting is
also pretty bad I don't know I kind of
feel like a fart is a fart a burp has
like its own signature to it that I
I don't like everybody's fart smell like
a different variety of poop everybody's
burp is like what you had for lunch
combined with like your mouth flora and
then like you know your dental hygiene
factors into that is there's a lot of
like variables in there that it's like a
bouquet and I don't like it and people
then you know Robin Austin go well my
birds don't smell they do you just don't
it's like you don't smell your own bread
you know it's because because you're
smelling it all the time you become
desensitized to it you go nose blind to
it as they say in those for Brees
commercials
I'm not suggesting that my breath is
better than yours by any stretch of the
imagination all I'm suggesting is that
everybody you know smelling another
person's breath most of the time is not
a pleasant experience and you're going
to have that on a on a burp but moreover
I just that was a great face from mega
ma here by the way
Thank You gimpy um I just think you
shouldn't subject somebody else to your
own to involve to voluntary bodily
functions if you're like you know
sitting on a train or something like
that and you had a soda and you got to
go like like I understand okay it
happens but you can kind of like
diminish the sound the only time I ever
go like what's up with this this guy's
being an actual jerk as when he goes I
mean let's be honest is usually a dude
I'll own up to it for the rest of you
guys you know you summon air into like
the depths of your gut and then blow it
out with the it's like it's not an
intentional burp necessarily but it's
like oh I'm gonna lean into this burp
that's when I go okay you've gone too
far I've had some you know you can ask
him out I've had some flatulence in my
life um and you know I've had some just
terrible terrible odorous flatulence we
gotta try it I'm not sure if this is
worth it or not worth it but because our
shots are piercing the knock back
shouldn't be that bad I'm sorry if I'm
shattering your image of you know the
the you know sophisticated northern line
here but I'm not going to apologize for
the smell of my flatulence I have no
idea what makes it smell that everyone
always assumes you know oh you're your
fart smells terrible like your diet must
be bad I don't know if that's true at
all how do you know maybe maybe bad
smelling farts is a sign of great diet
you know if your farts smell like cotton
candy you should stop eating so much
dang cotton candy anyway I don't know
where I've gone with this for the point
is you know I've I've had times in my
life what I've been a farty man but it's
always possible to hold it in there are
some situations in which you'll want to
you know maybe try to sneak out a
clandestine one I can understand that
but you know for the most part like 95%
of farts don't have to exit in public
you can wait till you get outside maybe
it's a little unpleasant but hey that's
what society is like you know sometimes
you deal with unpleasantness in order to
not make everybody else's exist in
slightly more unpleasant as a result of
your selfishness
you know it's what separates us from the
beasts or my the only one around who
here cares about the rules anyway I
don't know where I was going with this
make sure to LIKE the video if you think
burping is gross if you think burping in
public is gross at least if you think
burping in public is cool make sure to
leave a comment that says burping in
public is cool and then like the video
if you like the video
so got algae's we got black rune got
many black runes actually yeah it was
which I should have used to skip boss
rush that was stupid all right we're
gonna take black rune because we can
still get the statistics bonus out of
black room if we want to but I don't
know if I want to do boss rush anymore I
guess we'll see what the run looks like
once we see what we get there like a
deal with the devil year cuz soy milk
was a bad pick up it could be good later
but it was a bad pick up for right now
it's not doing what I wanted to do which
is like really amp up our DPS I don't
think it was terrible but it was like
nearly proportional like we lost like 80
percent of our damage and improved our
rate of fire by 4 times or something
like that so
and it's still like a pretty easy fight
you still got a deal with the devil
and a little brim deal that was not bad
with full HP little brim you know no no
no no I mean you black rune and fight
for it shouldn't have done this
tell you that straight up there was
there was no reason for us to have done
this this is going to take a hundred
million years we are going to be doing
this boss rush until the day we die
these are too tanky enemies I'll give
you that but please God give me like a
devil card or so okay see like this is
where things are starting to get a
little scary this there's just no reason
for you know what though now that I
think about it little brim is like a
static damage dealer just make sure that
you're firing little brim is often as
possible
might not be the fastest boss rush we've
ever had and it might not have been for
much and also little brim take it
forever to get charged up dude I was
stunned when when little Gertie died and
I saw how much damage still had to be
done - I actually almost lost my mind
okay so you know throw bombs out here
you got golden bombs I just realized
it's actually you know I entered a state
of deep regret merely temporarily when I
looked at this run or when I looked at
this boss rush I was like this is a bad
idea
I shouldn't have done this and that's
correct however we have golden bombs
golden bombs are going to buy us a lot
of a lot of damage basically we're going
to live longer as a result of their
existence I don't know what we did to
the other enemy I guess they just were
not very tanky see if every wave was
like that I'd be a happy man
can our shots from the lyall tears do
like more damage than the first hit if
there's only one enemy I don't believe
so I thought you died I thought I saw
you die either way I'm glad I realized
that we had golden bombs we're actually
going to get out of here I think in a
hello hello hello
wait there we go in a relatively timely
fashion albeit probably with a little
bit less HP than I would have liked and
the little brim pickup might have saved
us as well but again was it worth it for
the for the value we got out of this
almost certainly no my favourite
fan-made sequel to a James Bond film dr.
no and then doctor almost certainly yes
doctor doc dude tell me the no I got a
Golden Gun my name is James bones that's
that's my spy parody of doctor no it's
called doctor doctor tell me the news I
got a bad case of loving you and then in
parentheses it says James Bond theme in
parentheses that says Superman it's not
easy
you know I read an article buzz its
Wikipedia let's be honest I was it might
have been defecating today I was reading
about Savage Garden because I live in a
Savage Garden well I was a deep rabbit
hole actually I wikipedia'd men at work
and then you're like oh man at work you
know down under was ranked four in
Australia's 30 best songs that they did
you know about their countries that
would have been produced in Australia by
Australian bands and singer-songwriter
something okay what else is on that list
uh Savage Garden
I forgot that savage garden's Australian
so I read up about Savage Garden for a
band that was on the radio for like 22
years Savage Garden had like a six-day
career which is amazing to me they'd
made two albums blessed and guided by
voices made in a month
but either way there's like not that I
wanted but there was a savage garden
like reunion post they asked the lead
singer like hey ancient Savage Garden
would ever get back together because I'd
like to hear truly madly deeply for the
134 thousands of time instead of just
one hundred and thirty three thousand
999 times and the lead singer said if it
would cure cancer I would get back
together apart from that no some bad
blood dude why not we'll take fruitcake
like what if it would cure oral herpes
that would help a lot of people out not
quite at the same level of one of the
most deadly diseases I don't think we
need the virus honestly but it would
still be helpful but like that's not
enough you duck sorry no I'm looking for
more I don't think he tried to be by
there I should have stuck with the virus
don't it all seem to go you don't know
what you got till it's gone
I mean I guess I could understand it
like if I'd ridden like I don't want to
hear any Savage Garden song every I'm
not insulting Savage Garden by the way
you like Savage Garden more power to you
but if I could never hear another Savage
Garden song as long as I lived I
wouldn't even know it I've heard truly
madly deeply infinity times a bee or
something something something else I'll
be I'll be Oh something me of something
something instead I'll be you know just
I think that the flight of the conchords
song that Bret writes about his
girlfriend in season one is a parody of
that you know it's like I'm just
stealing the bit but at least I'm giving
credit you know I'm sourcing the bit you
know he says like I climb the highest
mountain and then you know Jermaine is
like would you really climb the highest
mountain forth and in Brett's like no
and Jermaine's like why'd you save it
and then Bret said that's a metaphor and
Jemaine stay as a metaphor for what he
says you know for how I'd do anything
for and then bread or Jermaine says what
would you climb the highest mountain for
and then Greg goes I see your point
which I always thought that was a genius
bit that I've butchered incredibly here
but then you know they also had there
was like that the animal song for that
about a million and a half times is that
who I want you I don't know if I need
you but what died to find out not a big
fan out one either to be honest with you
or at least if I was at one point is
then played it's been granted dust the
amount of times they played that at the
the old radio shack and by that I mean
the shack where the radio comes from not
Radio Shack the now-defunct brand anyway
I took this rent is just strange now I
took white pony I think white ponies
like it's a good item good spacebar item
it's our third ability to fly getting a
little silly but
I like the fact that once every four
rooms are going to be able to do some
good work with it
it's a collaborator mostly like the the
inherent strength of this run is we
shoot really quickly and some of those
shots are going to give us blinding
light I'm not trying to disparage you
know the other good qualities of this
run but that's really the moneymaker
right now is the fact that we're rolling
the dice to get a good effect quite
frequently what makes you larger is
basically extraordinarily irrelevant
right now anyway the run should be a
fairly easy win I think we might have
soy milks ourselves which is a strange
expression out of the that's my key she
took it might have soy milk ourselves
out of a great ability to do the hush
fight with confidence but it's not not
at all bad it's just not may be quite as
quite as good as it looked but when you
see soy milk like you're already sort of
screwed you just have to lean into it I
think and I like soy milk soy milk is in
no danger of entering the pile of like
items that I will not take every time
that it shows up like Isaac's heart I
will never take because I've had enough
tangible bad experiences where it
basically ruined my run and rerolls
maybe should enter onto that pile but I
like doing them so you know so sue me
there's a girl that's been on my mind
all the time so so sue me
it's a Sussudio riff it doesn't really
work but you get the idea
but soymilk is God redeeming
characteristics and it's fun so I'm
gonna I'm gonna keep taking it but on
this on this situation it was probably
the wrong call the reason that I took it
is because once you see it you might as
well take it you've already lost a great
chance to get special items in the
future you might as well go with a
special item they gave you even if it's
not so good unless it would actually
ruin your run in which case don't take
it but I don't think it ruined our run
it just it's seasoned dinner we you know
we should have gotten buffalo we got you
know honey garlic instead
whereas the place is called Buffalo Wild
Wings we should have good why would you
get the honey garlic but I've never been
to a Buffalo Wild Wings I phrased that
as if it was like a political thing like
I've never been to a Buffalo Wild Wings
but really it just site I don't think
I've ever been around a Buffalo Wild
Wings if I'm being honest with you I
don't know if they have it in British
Columbia I mean we probably should take
this as long as we don't die immediately
upon picking it up we have a place here
called wings but I don't think it's
Buffalo Wild Wings all I think is like
that's like getting the Twitter handle
like twitter.com slash you know USA or
something like that like which we call
our restaurant would we sell their wings
all right look it up it's got to be
taken but if it's not taken sure we'll
call it wings and then you comes back
the next day and he's like take in here
and we got it take it how could we not
take wings it's out of control
anyway this has now become a run where
like I've exhausted my riffs dude
I need more riffs you're alive but I
actually got soul mine flooded I was not
really paying attention there's a little
like white popcorn thing going on in the
screen there this is two floors in a row
but personally unknown and I find myself
slightly perturbed and frightened about
the situation but as long as we I mean
if we find a second secret room we can
make you supportable slot but if you're
like that's portable slot ends up being
useful and like literally maybe like 5%
of the times you actually find it but
that doesn't mean that we should ignore
it 100% at a time I just want to see my
HP please I haven't seen my HP in three
years it's long enough to declare it
legally dead spent its fat body from
Austin Powers to the Spy Who shagged me
you remember him
I thought his name was different no you
must be oh you saw the you saw the
Unrated version in the version that's
safe for you to be is called fat buddy
it's very you know it's a Berenstein
bears you know Mandela effects sort of
situation could you do me a favor and
grab that please bump oh thank you see
the thing is Bumbo I'm going to need you
to deal like all of the damage that we
ever do on this run so if you could find
it in your heart to get to max level as
soon as possible I'd be an extremely
happy camper
I don't like that these are exploding
more often I liked it when they weren't
exploding that much and I felt better
about my ad my chances of survival but
it is working we're getting the coins
I'm just now realizing because of
fruitcake and I guess piggy bank when we
get hit as well but fruitcake is
occasionally even giving us head of the
keeper which makes sense
we've got enough bombs to go for these I
think take those you've got to be
getting pretty close here pretty close
to him reaching max level I mean so
we're just waiting for Libra I mean it's
I could try to spin it a hundred
different ways we know what we're
looking for here we're looking for Libra
in all the right places a Libra pickup
completely changes the game we probably
go from like we go from one rate of fire
to two rate of fire we go from two
damage to you know probably like 70
maybe said it's a little bit of a
stretch but you understand where I'm
coming from oh I shouldn't have made the
leap but it still work all right max
level Bumbo is where I want to be but I
guess I'm already there
I'm still trying to like divine how I
feel about static electricity tears I
think they're like not that great but
they look cool as heck and then they're
especially not that great if you can
only get them like now and then but if
you get them consistently I think they
can be interesting I'm just not sure if
they're like a 10 out of 10 yet please
don't give me curse be unknown for one
more floor we're about to get win number
12 curse of the maze is okay by me I
like this actually Midas Touch gives us
something we can really use to take
advantage of for permanent Polaroid
invincibility or power bill for that
matter
all right like not quite the greatest
amount of damage that I've ever seen in
my life
I don't care pick up them pick up the
money I don't need it we got to go from
91 damaged 92 damage per tick to 99 who
cares man the soul was a nice pickup
it's pushing away the shots that would
otherwise be annoying for us to deal
with it again we should have like a
pretty easy win coming our way right
fire mine stop shooting
but I feel the need to apologize not
necessarily for picking up soy milk but
you know some items with cher shall
remain nameless that rhyme with you know
boys silk well if all the rhymes you
could enjoy chosen why did you go boys
silk that's just the water something
that rhymes with Thole elk yeah - al
that'll do it hey it's me your cousin
this is the sound you've been looking
for toy al that's I'm a little
apologetic for picking that up because
it kind of it squandered a little pace
on this run but you know what you can
squander some salsa you still got
tortilla chips left in the bag you're
going to eat the salsa nonetheless right
problem lets you some kind of weird
I mean I'll lead tortilla chips without
salsa but if I have tortilla chips and
salsa they go together it's not like I'm
just going to leave some salsa in the
fridge and eat some tortilla chips
that's that's madness much more of a
social affront than burping in public I
promise you that
I promise you that is my personal
opinion is how that sentence should have
been ended anyway the dusting continues
but the run never ends man this is just
at this point we're approaching the
Platonic ideal for an Isaac Graham which
is as soon as I get a damage upgrade on
the first floor you might as well just
say Game one and let me reroll the
Eden's start to see what happens we got
to play this one out though just to see
you never know
rogue v4 could show up and throw
everything into disarray
Thank You gimpy like great work gimpy I
think we're just going to walk into this
guy like mathematically and
psychologically this seems like the best
option because there's literally no risk
of death didn't end up popping off
damage-wise quite like I expected but
that's where number 12
nothing that's means that and we're
looking pretty strong here for now
thanks for watching now if you enjoyed
the episode if you did click the like
button else that a great deal of course
subscribe you wanna see more in the
future for now thanks for watching and
we'll see you next time